[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2011 action car film Fast Five
the fifth film in the Fast and the
Furious series so let's get started
spoiler does rely in part that you've
seen the previous films if you'd like to
see some summaries check out brink
spoilers below the film picks up right
where the previous movie left off with
Dom's crew breaking him out of prison
the crews and escapes to Rio de Janeiro
Brian and Mia meet up with Vince from
the first film and they plan to steal
three cars from a train they discovers
that agents from the DEA are on the
train and these cars are seized property
DOM notices that one of the crew ZZ is
only interested in stealing one car for
gt40 Mia steals the Ford and DOM and
Brian end up lighting Z Z and his
henchmen Brian and Dom are captured in a
brought before the crime lord Hernan
Reyes with the original owner of the
cars and zzs boss they are interrogated
on the car's location but DOM and Brian
eventually escape they examine the car
to discover its importance and catch
Vince trying to see really remove a
computer chip from the car in order to
sell it back to Reyes Dom forces Vince
to leave and Brian investigates the chip
discovery and has information on Reyes
his criminal empire including the
location of about a hundred million
dollars in cash hated by local officer
Elena Neville a u.s. agent named Luke
Hobbs and his team arrived to arrest the
crew but find they're under assault from
Reyes as met as the crew is deciding how
to escape me announces that she is
pregnant with Brian's child so they
decide to steal raises money to start a
new life and I'll stick together they
organized a team consisting of several
people from the previous films including
Roman tej Gisele Leo Santos and even
Vince who is welcomed back after saving
Mia agent Hobbs and his team arrest Dom
Mia Brian and vent
while transporting them the convoy is
attacked and most of Hobbes's team is
killed agent Hobbs and officer Elena are
saved and the crew fight back where
Vince is killed but the rest escape
wanting to avenge their murder team
Agent Hobbs and officer Elena
agreed to help with the crews heist for
Reyes month they break into a police
station holding array as his money and
literally drag the ball through the
street after a big police chase Dom
tells Brian to break off and Dom will
hold off the police using the bus as a
weapon Brian returns however and kills
easy Reyes is injured badly by DOM and
Agent Hobbs execute Reyes agent Hobbes
gives Brian and Dom 24 hour head start
to escape so long as they leave the
vault they agree however it is revealed
that the vault is actually empty and the
real vault was switched out during the
police pursuit the crew splits the cash
sending Vince's part to his family later
on a beach elsewhere Brian and the
pregnant Mia relax they are met by DOM
and Elaine and Brian challenges down to
a race to finally determine who is the
better driver during a mid-credits scene
agent Hobbs is given a file by agent
Monica from the second film of concerns
of a hijack of a military convoy in
Berlin showing a recent photo of Dom's
former girlfriend ledee who had been
presumed dead hinting that you might
actually be alive so that was the
spoilers for a Fast Five if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie spoiler alerts from
various forms of social media and
remember to like it subscribe thanks for
watching
[Music]